README.md, before:


# CF Learning

Links to information about Cloud Foundry, BOSH and the rest of the CF
ecosystem.


## Watching development

### Following the project

- The CF wiki has a [list of design
documents](https://github.com/cloudfoundry-community/cf-docs-contrib/wiki/Design-Documents)
(aka feature proposals).
- The [monthly Community Advisory Board
  meeting](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1SCOlAquyUmNM-AQnekCOXiwhLs6gveTxAcduvDcW_xI/edit#),
aka the CAB, is a phone conference call, where current and future development
directiion is discussed.
- Altoros publish [notes from the CAB](http://www.altoros.com/blog/tag/cab/) 

### Following individual teams

The CF foundation [maintains a list of CF
teams](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1hg0EA3aB9wiCq8SgCU90ft4qrHvczsUjK0W_31APWxM/edit#gid=0).

This is an *incomplete* list of CF teams, their trackers and roadmaps.

| Team | Tracker | Roadmap | CI |
| ---- | ------- | ------- | --- |
| BOSH | [Core](https://www.pivotaltracker.com/n/projects/956238) [CPI](https://www.pivotaltracker.com/n/projects/1133984) | [BOSH notes](https://github.com/cloudfoundry/bosh-notes) | https://main.bosh-ci.cf-app.com/ |
| CAPI (CF API) | [CAPI Public](https://www.pivotaltracker.com/n/projects/966314) | | | 
| CLI | [CLI Public](https://www.pivotaltracker.com/n/projects/892938) | | |
| Diego | [Diego Public](https://www.pivotaltracker.com/n/projects/1003146) | | https://diego.ci.cf-app.com/ | 
| Garden | [Garden Public](https://www.pivotaltracker.com/n/projects/1158420) | | https://garden.ci.cf-app.com/ |
| Routing | [CF Routing](https://www.pivotaltracker.com/n/projects/1358110) | | |
| UAA | [UAA Public](https://www.pivotaltracker.com/n/projects/997278) | | |

Commit message:

Add a link to the CF community wiki
Which has a much better/more up to date list of trackers.

README.md, after:


# CF Learning

Links to information about Cloud Foundry, BOSH and the rest of the CF
ecosystem.


## Watching development

### Following the project

- The CF wiki has a [list of design
documents](https://github.com/cloudfoundry-community/cf-docs-contrib/wiki/Design-Documents)
(aka feature proposals).
- The [monthly Community Advisory Board
  meeting](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1SCOlAquyUmNM-AQnekCOXiwhLs6gveTxAcduvDcW_xI/edit#),
aka the CAB, is a phone conference call, where current and future development
directiion is discussed.
- Altoros publish [notes from the CAB](http://www.altoros.com/blog/tag/cab/) 

### Following individual teams

The CF foundation [maintains a list of CF
teams](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1hg0EA3aB9wiCq8SgCU90ft4qrHvczsUjK0W_31APWxM/edit#gid=0).

The sidebar on the [CF community wiki](https://github.com/cloudfoundry-community/cf-docs-contrib/wiki) has a list of trackers. 

This is an *incomplete* list of CF teams, their trackers and roadmaps.

| Team | Tracker | Roadmap | CI |
| ---- | ------- | ------- | --- |
| BOSH | [Core](https://www.pivotaltracker.com/n/projects/956238) [CPI](https://www.pivotaltracker.com/n/projects/1133984) | [BOSH notes](https://github.com/cloudfoundry/bosh-notes) | https://main.bosh-ci.cf-app.com/ |
| CAPI (CF API) | [CAPI Public](https://www.pivotaltracker.com/n/projects/966314) | | | 
| CLI | [CLI Public](https://www.pivotaltracker.com/n/projects/892938) | | |
| Diego | [Diego Public](https://www.pivotaltracker.com/n/projects/1003146) | | https://diego.ci.cf-app.com/ | 
| Garden | [Garden Public](https://www.pivotaltracker.com/n/projects/1158420) | | https://garden.ci.cf-app.com/ |
| Routing | [CF Routing](https://www.pivotaltracker.com/n/projects/1358110) | | |
| UAA | [UAA Public](https://www.pivotaltracker.com/n/projects/997278) | | |
